everybody welcome to Lexus of Emma
Chandra okay top 111,000 170th Street
we're looking at an executive demo is
250 all wheel drive favorite 2.5 liter
v6 engine runs on regular fuel 6-speed
automatic
Starfire pearl exterior flax and leather
inside four-door five-passenger this one
is the Premium Package so you have your
18 inch split 10-spoke alloy wheels 10
airbags fold down rear seat heated and
ventilated front seats heated steering
them back up camera and power moonroof
to have power windows locks and side
mirrors and you have a black piano trim
power adjustable front seats driver has
the lumbar support good release trunk
release windshield wiper de-icer
odometer trip dashboard lighting the
tilt steering wheel it's fully leather
wrapped
you have your paddle shifters audio
controls hands-free communication
Bluetooth cruise control these buns
right here for your directory on your
dashboard so you do have a tire pressure
monitoring system eco indicator a
domitor trip engine start and stop
button middle here houses your display
screen we've got your backup camera
climates give your dual zone climate
control AC
front and rear defrost also down below
here you control your temperature touch
front and rear defrost side mirrors are
heated up top again will go to your
audio you have AM FM CD USB auxiliary
Bluetooth on satellite radio you have 8
speakers down below you can use your
shortcut buttons here disk loader heated
and ventilated front seats heated
steering wheel right here is what I use
for the display screen it's a mouse if
you're ecole normale and sports mode
traction control off switch snow mode
lift up your armrest is where you find
your inputs for USB auxiliary and a
power outlet
they have cupholders lockable glove
compartment adjustable headrests power
tilt and sliding moonroof with sunshade
dual vanity mirrors which are
illuminated you got your auto dimming
rear view mirror with 3 to 4 garage door
openers and compass 18 inch all season
tires with wheel locks you have key lock
Oh Prevention keyless entry smart access
we have remote trunk release and there's
a button underneath here they'll pop up
the trunk for you get rubber and carpet
floor mats for inside the vehicle
full-length lexus carpet for the trunk
area underneath the floor you have your
compact spare tire and Jack it Park
let's hide ounce and that backseat 60/40
split so like I said it does fold down
for you up top you have your mergency
release and then you have your handle to
close a trunk out safety locks window
controls back see pockets ventilation
ducts you have your curtain and side
impact airbags overhead handles coat
hooks and lighting adjustable headrest
child seat anchors you have your
fold-down armrest with cupholders so if
your integrated turn signal is in your
side mirrors shut them yourself
windshield wipers you have your low beam
and high beams daytime running lights or
LED headlamp washers fog lights engine